There once was a boy named Marco. He went to the market to buy some milk. But on his way to the market he crossed paths with a troll. 
The troll said there would be three obstacles on his path to the market and offered him the choice of a map or a bow and arrows or a horse. 
Marco laughed and said he did not need the troll's help. A little while down the road Marco came across a very tall hedge. 
Just outside the opening a plaque read "The Labyrinth, enter at your own risk.” Marco laughed again. He was not afraid. Into the maze he went. 
Turning left then right then left again, eventually Marco became lost. His mind flashed back to the troll who had offered him the map. 
But Marco knew he could get passed the maze with out the map. He began to climb the hedge to get a better view. 
Once at the top of the hedge, he saw a clear path to the other side. He climbed down and made his way out, but his next obstacle was just outside the maze.

Marco stood a top a tall hill with the laboranth stretching behind him. In front of him lay a ravine with walls so steep they were impossible to climb. 
At the end of the ravine, marco could make out a group of goblins ready to ambush the next traveler who dared walk past. Again marco's mind flashed
back to thr troll who had offered him the bow and arrows. If had that, he could have easily taken out the goblins before they were even close to him. 
Luckily, Marco was clever and had learned that goblins had one very important weakness: they had tunnel vision. Marco silently crept down and hid 
behind a rock close to the goblins. He carefully watched the goblins line of sight and analyzed how they moved. There! Marco quitely slipped through 
an opening where none of the goblins were looking. Once out of range of the goblins, Marco laughed again as the market was in site. Marco was curious
what the third obstacle was going to be but if it was anything like the first two, then he wasn't worried. He began his stroll again toward the market. 

After several long hours Marco finally arrived at the market. The market was very cool. Marco would use more words and a vivid description of this market but marco
was a computer science student and dosnt have a shred of creativity in his entire body. Marco wandered over to the beans section and bought a pound of kidney
beans. "These look like good beans" said Marco. While he was looking at his beans another person named Polo walked up to Marco. "Oh man you like beans too"? Polo
said. "Yes I love beans" Marco replied. From that moment on, Marco and Polo became best friends for life. One day Marco woke up blind. For some bizzare 
reason he decided to shout his name and Polo decided to shout his. And for some other reason, they found enjoyment out of this. This is the true story of how 
Marco-Polo became the dominating game to play at the family cookout in a pool with your little cousins while you cheat. 
